160 /15, Methsiri Mawatha, Pittugala, Malabe, Sri Lanka,
Tel: +94 78 5100520 / +94 11 241 33 83
Email: maleeshadesilva21@gmail.com
Objective
lam a dedicated, hardworking, open-minded individual seeking a career path in the Data Science stream.
Being a fast learner with excellent team working and problem-solving skills, | am ready to contribute to the
success of your reputed organization.
Educational Qualifications
> Undergraduate Studies
BSc (Hons) in Information Technology Specializing in Data Science, at Sri Lanka Institute of Information
Technology (SLIIT).
Cumulative Credits :68 Cumulative Grade Points :190.1 Cumulative GPA : 3.70
cen 1 se rpn a is Year 1 Semester 2
emester : Semester GPA 3.86
j i
ntroduction to Programming Object Oriented Concepts B+
j
ntroduction to Computer Systems Software Process Modeling
Mathematics for Computing 3 English for Academic Purposes
Communication Skills Information Systems & Data Modeling
Internet & Web Technologies
Year 2 Semester 2
Year 2 Semester 1 Semester GPA 3.62
Semester GPA 3.68
Probability and Statistics A+
Software Engineering A-
Data Structures and Algorithms A
Object Oriented Programming
Mobile Application Development A-
Database Management Systems A
Professional Skills A
Computer Networks A-
Employability Skills Development A-
Operating Systems and System A
Administration Information Technology Project
> Secondary Education - Musaeus College, Colombo 07
GCE A/L- August 2019 - (English Medium)
> Primary Education - Musaeus College, Colombo 07
GCE O/L- December 2016 - (English Medium)
English Language Buddhism
ICT A Sinhala Language and A
Literature
Business & Acct. Studies
Achievements
e Recognized in Dean’s List and awarded scholarships for academic performance in Year 1
semester 2.
Projects
e Online Boat Safari Management System (Year 1 semester 2)
Technologies used — Html, CSS, Javascript, PHP
Database - phpMyAdmin
e Online Property Management System (Year 2 semester 1)
Technologies used — Java Servlets
Database — MySQL Workbench
e Hospital Management System (Year 2 semester 2)
The Hospital Management System was developed using MERN stack. The system includes all
the functions required by the hospital staff to manage the tasks within a hospital and is
comprised of patient management subsystem, hospital staff salary management subsystem,
channeling management subsystem, hospital finances management subsystem, a subsystem
to manage stock levels of pharmacy items and a separate subsystem to manage covid-19
patients.
This project was done as a fulfillment of the Information Technology Project module in
Semester 2 of Year 2.

e Mobile App for an Advanced Level Tuition Institute (Year 2 semester 2)
This mobile application is a Java based Android application developed using Android Studio
for students and tuition teachers. Students using this application can view their marks,
monitor their performance, place an order for past paper booklets and interact with
teachers by posting questions. Teachers using this application can manage student marks,
publish notices and receive questions sent by students.

This project was done as a fulfillment of the Mobile Application Development module in
Semester 2 of Year 2.
e Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence Project for a Bicycle Rental
System (Year 3 semester 1)
This project was done using MS SQL Server Management Studio(SSMS), SQL Server
Integration Services(SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services(SSAS) and SQL Server Reporting
Services(SSRS). The project tasks include creating a data warehouse using a selected
dataset, creating an OLAP Cube using the data warehouse and creating various reports to
gain insights about the business. The dataset selected for this project was a dataset from
a Bicycle Rental System.
This project was done as a fulfillment of the Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence
module in Semester 1 of Year 3.
Skills and Competencies
> |IT and Programming skills:
=» Java
=» C++
» C
=" Python
= Html
=" JavaScript
=» Php
= MERN stack
» SQL
= PL/SQL
=" Android app development
=" Cisco Routing and Switching
= Proficient in Microsoft Office suite
> Soft skills:
= Excellent English reading, writing, communication and presentation skills
= Problem solving and analytical skills
=" Leadership and teamwork skills
= Excellent time management skills
=" Self-motivated
= Ability to work under pressure
=" Adaptability and flexibilit
Extra-Curricular Activities
e Musaeus College Senior Science Society — Committee member
e Wendy Whatmore Academy — Speech & Drama Distinction Grade 1- 4
e IWMS- Music -Distinctions - Practical & Theory Grade 1-4
e Musaeus College inter house athletics competitions
Personal Data
e Dateof Birth: 2000.04.08
e Gender: Female
e = Civil Status: Single
e Nationality : Sri Lankan
e NiCNumber: 200059902376
Non-Related Referees
1. Dr. Mrs. Muditha Tissera
Senior Lecturer,
Department of Software Engineering,
Faculty of Computing and Technology,
University of Kelaniya.
Email: mudithat@kln.ac.lk
Tel: +94 77 739 0332, +94 11 2912 709
2. Mr. Asanga Ranasinghe
Chief Information Officer (CIO),
Hutchison Telecommunications Lanka (Pvt) Ltd
234, Galle Road, Colombo 04.
Email: asangar@hutchison.|k
Tel: +94 78 5000 880
